I am with Alfredo, the father of
the little sweet maria and is a man
that is really extremely
worried alfredo how are you welcome
If it is as you wish we can fill
all the pain I feel for event
see my daughter as how it has been
after an accident
I asked the company to help
some representative has been presented to
this medium that talks to the manager and
a representative of the company better
let's support we have separate but of
words we have no guarantee the
words can be taken by the wind
has not brought any document there is no
nothing physical that really makes you think
that are going to comply with this
initial offer
how is how is sweet and calm
it really feels like it does not storm
is scared for not putting the next
who has had
is highly highly nervous tell me
that could not come here to the
interview because he is in shock
nervous and even though this has already happened
it's been a couple of days ago and I also
I feel bad about the strength that is the best
for my daughter
the ragged voice can see the eyes
completely irritated I imagine of
mourn percent
in my case
the little sweet tried and put on
foot has realized what has
occurred
I'm also with pussy are going to calixto with
sweet aunt
who does not want to want anyone to see
miss the cover does not want that the
remember that they touch it or what is it
unique that makes it cover it and covered it
she does not want to see or do not want to see
if you do not want and the little friends that I
I imagine they want to visit her both
idol threads the neighborhood does not want
receive visits, this is not the same
Little brother chooses sweet and we will play no
not that I do not already start crying
because he can not get up he can not
do anything what I used to do most
I could not do anything, my nephew
and she imagined me to see if a girl
lovely was accompanying her
mommy to pick up her little brother
accompany your sister in school and
they did not arrive it never arrived but
I always pick up the baby at school
the door and she comes later but not
it came to pick up and from there come the
six and half past six p.m. well
and he says he's been carrying a
accident tells me and crying because the
child but what has happened not done was the
collector has left me in the hospital and
I do not have who I happen not
I have the cell phone should warn the only
done I'm with the lawyer carolina
miranda carolina in what way are you going to
give support or legal advice to this
family
well jessica the truth is that this
case is every day that we see in
kilometer television and we're
tired of this not then what
right now they need them
explaining that this criminal process because
serious wrongful injuries will continue to
However, what they do not urge
and they need it is what is the theme
economic because this three-year-old girl
although it is true
have already used on the leg also goes
to need a prosthesis and we all know
once a rehabilitation process
so long is it and all of it will die
little hunger does not exist is a girl
of three years that still lacks a
psychomotor learning of great for
define completely jessica and as we have
been commenting what is
covering it the soat tomorrow
weekend is over and from there who
will cover those expenses they do not have
this the economic possibilities for
can cover for that from here we do
a call to both the legal representative
of the company as well as the driver who
solidarity way can help this
small not only with the prosthesis
but also with the treatment that is going to
require during all this time you go
to send some trade because we have to
go closing you're going to send some trade
for them to deliver a document
something in writing if definitely what
that we want to avoid is to go to
a trial of the civil procedure so that
way as it says contractually from
a way that would conciliate the
we can reach an agreement of which
already commit that they are going to be
financially responsible for all expenses
because itself have already frustrated and his
life project of this girl clear that
if you allow it to be spoken to please
the company is interested in the interest to
help my sister my niece
Interested in helping you please
approach them to come and talk and
say that silvana life because they go
to say we're going to help him and he was wearing a
pair of diapers carries a colin or a
shampoo montalvo with that my niece is not going
to recover my leg my niece has
lost her life how will she be
please come to such that you
compromise that if they are going to help you
come here in front of the lawyer
go ahead that if you are going to help
that I really read the name speak for
please the company the fast the company
of the fast I imagine I imagine that
they will respond with much more attention
also the authorities because it's not
possible as happened in the report that
this driver has so many infractions
and yet keep driving and still
a public transport where lives
no and look what happened this little girl
so it is therefore important that
authorities do not stop and cancel
the driver's license to those to those
driver and that the region and that the
same companies be careful
totally efficient and well staff
trained alfredo we finished with you
what can you tell your wife maybe you
is watching sweet I do not know if I'm
watching this time the usual schedule
But what would you say to your wife?
has my support friends and voice in everything
possible for them to go well in it and
digital that goes well but god that is
then the woman please support
Please help me to help my
niece needs her therapies needs
its still noise when I go to
do their therapies need a lot
things my nephew right now because when
she recovers from the therapies her little leg
orthopedic who will support who
I was going to help them they say yes
yes but and when I tell you when they finish
finish the therapy that is going to be her
and also what we can do is
ask him to be an invocation those
doctors who may have prostheses that
they can be used and that they can
grant you serve what you do your
work of eventuals when mass of
gallo elias how to continue
and in his house and he works
mototaxistas and is some association of
associations are paying for their land
little by little now tell me if you do not pay in
three letters this terrain will remove
tell me how it is going to be with the baby with the
they do not work the other baby
he has to eat he has to feed
until school was a life
complicated forced by themselves but
now everything in this accident really
all that is very complicated
imagine now thank you very much everyone
you for being here